# Linux Kernel CVE Tracker

This is an open source tracker for Linux kernel CVEs. While this site contains links to Linux distributions, it primary aim is to provide a resource for CVEs affecting the Upstream Linux Kernel.

## How to see the data

There are two ways to view/consume the data. The easiest is the web
front end at that you are at right now.  Here can you can view CVEs by
stream or by CVE id.
The second way is on the github page at
[https://github.com/nluedtke/linux_kernel_cves/][2]. On the github,
the data is laid out in both JSON and text format. Both pages offer
the same data.

## Linux Security Note

Tracking, mitigating, and patching CVEs is just a small part of
maintaining a secure kernel. Let me be clear, you can patch all known
CVEs and still be vulnerable. Some risk can be mitigated through
properly configuring your kernel/system. I suggest you visit the
[Kernel Self Protection Project][1] and other kernel security pages
for more information.

## Accuracy

The bulk of the data is autogenerated or pulled from other open
sources. While every effort is taken to ensure its accuracy, no
promise of absolute accuracy can be made. If you think a CVE is
missing or is not completely accurate, please fill out an issue to
have the data looked at and changed. The eventual goal would be to
have a community curated list of CVEs along with when the code was
introduced and when it was fixed.

## Development

Want to contribute? Great!

### Data Contributions

Any additions/removals/updates to the data should start with an Issue.
Please be as accurate and complete as possible when requesting a
change so theinformation can be validated as quickly as possible.

### Code Contributions

All code changes or enchancements must be done through a Pull Request
to the staging branch. No PRs directly to master will be accepted.

[1]: https://kernsec.org/wiki/index.php/Kernel_Self_Protection_Project
[2]: https://github.com/nluedtke/linux_kernel_cves/